Batch Changes troubleshooting docs update (#30914)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/batch_changes/references/troubleshooting.md

If even that doesn't work, then we can at least exclude the possibility that _only_ something with _your batch spec_ is wrong.

> > NOTE: You can use the `-keep-logs` flag on the `apply` and `prievew` commands in order to get more information about why a particular batch change is behaving the way it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: You can use the `-keep-logs` flag on the `apply` and `preview` commands to preserve log files written during the execution to get more information about why a particular batch change is behaving the way it is.
```

Reviewer 2: This is a nice clarification -- it would also be good to get some more information about _when_ logs will be produced -- as I understand it it depends on the exit condition of the containers opened during a step. I know I've been confused about when you'll get logs and when not, while experimenting with containers that print to std.out
